Let's deploy our Android app and for that, you can always search for Android publish app to find an
article on the official developer docs of Android.
There, you find detailed instructions on how to release your app, how you prepare your app for release,
we already did this though
and then how you publish it.
Now here I want to publish it through Google Play
and for that, we can visit Google Play. On the top right,
you can open the play console,
now if you click there the first time, you need to sign up as a Google Developer, you need to accept their
agreements and you need to pay a one time registration fee,
it's not very high though, it's only $25 and only one time.
This is essentially there to avoid having a lot of bots spam everything here here a lot of people who
don't really want to create a serious app.
So once you did this, you can log in
and once you did sign in, you can create a new application.
Now here choose the default language and give it an awesome name like awesome places, create
and here you can now fill out a lot of metadata about this application.
Add images for the preview in the Google Play Store and so on, contact details about yourself
but for us interesting is app releases.
There you now add your APKs,
so let's click on manage production and create a release,
you can now also use Google Play app sign as additional security layer
and thereafter you can upload your APK here, the APK which was generated. Let's browse files and you'll
find that APK in the Android folder app
and there build and outputs APK, app release APK. Simply click open and now it will be uploaded
to the play store console and is processed and checked
and you see, now here it was accepted and that is the first important step.
Now what you need to do is with that added here, you have to go back to store listing and all the other
fields which are marked with an exclamation mark and complete them,
You always get hints about what's missing and what you need to do,
these are all steps you can do on your own,
this is the last thing that's in your way.
Make sure to prepare an appealing product page for this app, so upload nice images, nice text and so
on
and once you did this, you're good to go and publish your Android app.